[doc] Add Taichi THREE to documentation (#1309)
taichi-dev/taichi: docs/extension_libraries.rst

2. GLSL-alike vector functions like ``normalize``, ``distance``, ``reflect``.
3. Well-behaved random generators including ``randUnit2D``, ``randNDRange``.
4. Handy vector and matrix initializer: ``vec`` and ``mat``.
5. Handy vector component shuffle accessor like ``v.xy``.

Click here for `Taichi GLSL Documentation <https://taichi-glsl.readthedocs.io>`_.

.. code-block:: bash

    python3 -m pip install taichi_glsl

Taichi THREE
------------

> `Taichi THREE <https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi_three>`_ or Tai3D is an
> extension library of Taichi to render 3D scenes into nice-looking 2D images
> in real-time (work in progress).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Taichi THREE <https://github.com/taichi-dev/taichi_three>`_ or `ti3` is an
extension library of Taichi to render 3D scenes in real-time (work in progress).
```

Cool! How about use `ti3` here so that people reach a consensus to use `import taichi_tree as ti3`.

Author: In fact I'm telling user to import using `t3`... Will we also tell them to `taichi_glsl` is `ts`?

Reviewer: It's all your work, so you decide the abbreviation :-) 

My only suggestion is that, whichever abbreviation you pick, it's important to let your users know the standard one, just like everyone uses `import numpy as np` instead of as anything else.
